in Gaza where fierce battle is underway
in the north of the strip the Israeli
military says five of its soldiers have
been killed and seven injured in
Friendly Fire incidents in jabalia but
Hamas has released this video saying 12
Israeli soldiers have died in January
Israel declared it had dismantled Hamas
battalions in
jabalia we'll have Israeli reaction very
shortly Muhammad Jam Jun is standing by
in a man in Jordan but first let's cross
over T Abu aom who's in De abala in
central Gaza so as the sun rises uh Tark
uh the overnight death toll Rises and
the focus continues to be now up in the
north of the Gaza
Strip yeah that's right so hell the
Israeli military is completely focusing
now in two main areas across this trp
jabalia in the north and draa and the
far more south South City in this trp
now in the north jabalia is considered
to be from the Israeli perspective one
of the strongest stronghold of Hamas
movement where they are trying to chase
all the Palestinian armed groups there
in order to militarily dismantle the
fabric within that area but battles have
been described to be completely violent
and aggressive specifically that the
Israeli military has announced the death
of five Israeli soldiers while seven
others being injured and those who have
been injured have been transferred to
Israeli hospitals to receive Medical
treatment but the nature of the fighting
there sounds critically hard and
difficulty due to the narrow streets of
the camp and the unprecedented scale of
Destruction being caused by the Israeli
ongoing intense military bombardment of
the camp there were 100,000 Palestinians
according to the United Nations have
fled from the camp to the western side
of Gaza City where emergency workers
today managed to evacuate and to recover
30 Palestinian bodies were found killed
in Israeli at attacks on the main
Central neighborhoods of Gaza Strip
including aabra a zun and a sahaba
neighborhoods in the central areas of
Gaza City of there so help T resum there
for us with that update thanks very much
TK he's there in De Al Bala Let's cross
over to Aman in Jordan where Muhammad
Jam junor is standing by for us hi
Muhammad uh deaths of those Israeli
soldiers up in the north do affect the
public perception of what's going on
really in Gaza and it causes evergo
arguments it seems within the Israeli
government
too that's right Z let me first just
mention what little we've heard thus far
from the Israeli government regarding
this particular incident which is being
called a friendly fire incident in which
five Israeli soldiers uh were killed as
a result there was a statement from the
Israeli Army that says from the initial
investigation it appears that the tank
fighters from this paratrooper company
identified a gun barrel coming out of
one of the windows in a building and
directed each other to shoot at that
building we expect we'll be getting more
about that particular in inent in the
hours to come now why is this something
that is uh being focused on so much in
Israel right now it's because there is
mounting worry being expressed by not
just military leaders in Israel but also
by the public in poll after poll
questioning as to if the Israeli
military campaign in Gaza is being
conducted correctly one of the reasons
these questions are being asked is
because the public is seeing that
Israeli military battalions are going
back into parts of AA like in the north
for example where they had previously
fought Hamas Fighters where they had
issued statements in which they said
that the area had been cleared of Hamas
Fighters so this is really showcasing to
the Israeli public that the the military
campaign in Gaza is not going nearly as
well as they had said it would um this
is happening at a time when we're seeing
more and more military leaders that are
questioning publicly um what exactly is
going to be going on in Gaza after the
war is finished uh also you have milit
AR leaders that have been quoted unnamed
military leaders but military leaders
nonetheless throughout the Israeli media
landscape the last several days in which
they are saying that there needs to be a
plan put in place for how Gaza is going
to be governed they are also saying that
the Israeli uh government needs to be
adhering to the advice of the Americans
they are concerned about the fact that
the Americans have said that they are
not going to be shipping more weapons
potentially if the ra Invasion continues
to go ahead they are worried about what
this means for the war in Gaza as well
as potential other conflicts on other
fronts clearly the military concerned
the public concerned even though in poll
after poll the majority of the Israeli
public continues to say that they back
the war effort they are increasingly
questioning as to how that war effort is
being conducted and one of the things
that's making them question this is the
fact that they are seeing more and more
soldiers killed and they are seeing more
and more military units go back into
areas they had previously said they had
cleared
of Hamas Fighters so Hill M Jam Jun
therefore is in man in neighboring
Jordan thank you and we're just going to
remind you that M Jam Jun is covering
that story from a man in Jordan because
Israel has banned Al jazer so we're
reporting from outside of
Israel make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer